Hi everyone,

Some more info on Project 2 and how the presentation and poster session is going to work on Thursday, Dec. 3rd.

Please count on arriving promptly at the start of your usual lab session at the Workshop Room at The Edge in Bostock Library. We will begin with the presentations, where each team will get a strict limit of 4 minutes to present (time will be monitored with a timer), which roughly amounts to 1 minute of speaking per team member. All of you must be present, and each person must speak during the presentation period.

After all presentations, we will have the poster session, which should last about 45 minutes, for the remainder of the lab period. During this time, each person will go around and evaluate every other poster. You will receive a score sheet to judge the other posters, which includes a comment section. You must give constructive feedback in this section (writing just "good job" or drawing a smiley doesn't count as constructive feedback), which will count towards your participation grade for the project. During the poster session, you will take turns standing by your team's poster and answering questions from other, and visiting others' posters. This time should be equally divided among the team members. The TAs and I will visit your team's poster at some point and will take the liberty to direct questions to any team member during this time, so it's essential that all of you are perfectly comfortable with every aspect of your project.

I also wanted to reiterate that you do not have to spend a lot of money on your poster; you are not expected to pay for expensive professional poster printing. You are, of course, welcome to if you want, but it's certainly not expected. The important thing is that your posters are organized in a way that highlights your main findings. You should not feel compelled to discuss everything that is on your poster during your short presentation. You also should not feel compelled to put everything you ever did on your poster -- it should be a well curated selection of important features of your project.

Please feel free to post questions on Piazza over the break for support as you're working on your projects, but also remember to take some time off and enjoy the break!

Best,
Dr. Cetinkaya-Rundel